README.md, before:

# WEATHER BOYZ

[WeatherXM Hackathon](https://plgenesis.devspot.app/en?activeTab=overview&challenge=weather-xm)

## The One Sentence Description

A web3 application that allows users to buy weather insurance using weatherXM data to verify weather conditions and execute smart contracts.

## Linux Setup

**Requirements**

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/linux/)
- [Rust + Cargo](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [Node.js + npm + nvm](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
- [MetaMask](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn?hl=en&pli=1)

<br>

**Recommended**

- [Beekeeper Studio](https://www.beekeeperstudio.io/get)
- [CodeLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb)
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

<br>

**VS Code Extensions**

- [Rust Analyzer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust-analyzer)
- [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml)
- [solidity](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JuanBlanco.solidity)
- [Solidity](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=NomicFoundation.hardhat-solidity)
- [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)
- [YAML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

### Backend Setup

**Set up database**

Start development database

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

Copy `.env` file in `weather-boyz/backend/` directory from the example file

```bash
cd backend
cp .env.example .env
```

Install sqlx-cli
```bash
cargo install sqlx-cli
```

Create database with sqlx-cli

```bash
sqlx database create
```

Run migrations

```bash
sqlx migrate run
```

Run the backend server

```bash
cargo run
```

### Frontend Setup

Copy `.env` file in `weather-boyz/frontend/` directory from the example file

```bash
cd frontend
cp .env.example .env
```

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Blockchain Setup

copy `.env` file in `weather-boyz/blockchain/` directory from the example file

```bash
cd blockchain
cp .env.example .env
```

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Run the Hardhat node

```bash
npx hardhat node
```

When node is running, it will output a list of accounts with their private keys. Copy one of the private keys and add it to your MetaMask wallet. You will have to add the local network manually in MetaMask with the following settings:

- Network Name: `Hardhat Local`
- New RPC URL: `http://127.0.0:8545`
- Chain ID: `31337`
- Currency Symbol: `ETH`

## Backend Testing
Run the tests for the backend using: 

```cargo test -- --test-threads=1```

We use a single thread as concurrency issues occur when running all of the tests asynchronously.

Commit message:

Updated README to include some project submission info

README.md, after:

# WEATHER BOYZ

[WeatherXM Hackathon](https://plgenesis.devspot.app/en?activeTab=overview&challenge=weather-xm)

## The One Sentence Description

A web3 application that allows users to buy weather insurance using weatherXM data to verify weather conditions and execute smart contracts.

## WeatherXM Usage

The project makes use of the following endpoints:

1. GET a list of cells that contain devices: `https://api.weatherxm.com/api/v1/cells`
2. GET devices of a specific cell: `https://api.weatherxm.com/api/v1/cells/index/devices`

The user passes in their location allowing us to ascertain their current cell and the closest device. Once they have done that, we are able to identify their location's current weather and provide insurance options for them.

We had originally had planned to keep a cache of weather data to allow more interesting contracts, but we opted not to pursue this due to time constraints.

## The Team

[Ferdinand737](https://github.com/Ferdinand737)

[CeroZool](https://github.com/CeroZool)

[HouseMech](https://github.com/HouseMech)

## Linux Setup

**Requirements**

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/linux/)
- [Rust + Cargo](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [Node.js + npm + nvm](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
- [MetaMask](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn?hl=en&pli=1)

<br>

**Recommended**

- [Beekeeper Studio](https://www.beekeeperstudio.io/get)
- [CodeLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb)
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

<br>

**VS Code Extensions**

- [Rust Analyzer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust-analyzer)
- [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml)
- [solidity](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JuanBlanco.solidity)
- [Solidity](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=NomicFoundation.hardhat-solidity)
- [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)
- [YAML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

### Backend Setup

**Set up database**

Start development database

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

Copy `.env` file in `weather-boyz/backend/` directory from the example file

```bash
cd backend
cp .env.example .env
```

Install sqlx-cli
```bash
cargo install sqlx-cli
```

Create database with sqlx-cli

```bash
sqlx database create
```

Run migrations

```bash
sqlx migrate run
```

Run the backend server

```bash
cargo run
```

### Frontend Setup

Copy `.env` file in `weather-boyz/frontend/` directory from the example file

```bash
cd frontend
cp .env.example .env
```

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Blockchain Setup

copy `.env` file in `weather-boyz/blockchain/` directory from the example file

```bash
cd blockchain
cp .env.example .env
```

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Run the Hardhat node

```bash
npx hardhat node
```

When node is running, it will output a list of accounts with their private keys. Copy one of the private keys and add it to your MetaMask wallet. You will have to add the local network manually in MetaMask with the following settings:

- Network Name: `Hardhat Local`
- New RPC URL: `http://127.0.0:8545`
- Chain ID: `31337`
- Currency Symbol: `ETH`

## Backend Testing
Run the tests for the backend using: 

```cargo test -- --test-threads=1```

We use a single thread as concurrency issues occur when running all of the tests asynchronously.
